<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="capabilities">
  <title>LwDITA capabilities</title>
  <shortdesc>LwDITA shares some core capabilities for content structure and reuse with DITA. By
    design, it includes fewer capabilities than full DITA XML. LwDITA also includes some unique
    cross-format features.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>LwDITA features the following capabilities:</p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Modular content</dt>
        <dd><p>While LwDITA does not require the use of any particular writing practice, its modular approach to
            content supports a variety of best practices for creating both usable and reusable
            content. In LwDITA, each module is called a <xref href="../components/lw-topic.dita">topic</xref>, which can be
          published directly or collected and organized for publication by a <xref href="../components/lw-map.dita">map</xref>.
          LwDITA topics can be authored and managed as XML (<xref href="../authoring-formats/xdita/xdita-introduction.dita">XDITA</xref>), HTML (<xref href="../authoring-formats/hdita/hdita-introduction.dita">HDITA</xref>), and Markdown
          (<xref href="../authoring-formats/mdita/mdita-introduction.dita">MDITA</xref>) files as appropriate for diverse authoring communities and tool ecosystems. </p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Content collection and organization</dt>
        <dd><p>In LwDITA, the document type of <xref href="../components/lw-map.dita" format="dita">map</xref>
            functions as a content collection and organization mechanism, which can be used to
            manage the linking, navigation and metadata for a group of topics. LwDITA maps can be
            created in the <xref href="../authoring-formats/xdita/xdita-introduction.dita"
              >XDITA</xref>, <xref href="../authoring-formats/hdita/hdita-introduction.dita"
              >HDITA</xref>, and <xref href="../authoring-formats/mdita/mdita-introduction.dita"
              >MDITA</xref> authoring formats, and they allow for cross-format collection and
            organization. For example, a map authored in XDITA can collect and organize topics
            created in any combination of LwDITA formats. The same can be accomplished with maps
            authored in HDITA and MDITA. </p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Linking</dt>
        <dd><p>A LwDITA topic can link to another topic (or location in a topic) using the <xref href="../components/lw-xref.dita">cross-reference</xref> component. Links work across any of the LwDITA authoring formats.  </p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Filtering</dt>
        <dd><p>LwDITA supports <xref href="../attributes/lwdita-attributes.dita">metadata-based filtering (link to props topic)</xref> within a topic to selectively
            include or exclude content for specific contexts.  </p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Content references for reuse</dt>
        <dd><p>In LwDITA, content can be reused across topics or maps using the <xref href="../attributes/lwdita-attributes.dita">content reference (link to
          conref!)</xref> mechanism to pull block-level content, such as a paragraph or list item, from
            one location to another. This reuse by reference ensures that content will stay
            consistent and up to date across all the contexts in which it is reused. Content
            references work across any of the LwDITA authoring formats.</p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Variable management</dt>
        <dd><p>In LwDITA, inline (variable) content can be defined in maps and reused in topics via the key
            reference mechanism (link to keyref). This reuse by reference ensures that variable
            content will stay consistent and up to date across all the contexts in which it is
            reused. Key references work across any of the LwDITA authoring formats.</p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Link redirection</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>LwDITA supports link redirection via the key reference (link to keyref) mechanism. A
            cross reference (link to xref) component can be combined with a key reference so authors
            can redirect links to a common topic. Link redirection works across any of the LwDITA
            authoring formats.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Specialization</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>In principle, LwDITA follows the same specialization architecture as DITA, although
            there are  limitations depending on the authoring format. However, specialization is
            beyond the scope of this version of the specification.</p></dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
  </conbody>
</concept>
