<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="simplified-model">
 <title>Simplified structure</title>
 <shortdesc>DITA 1.3 has more power (and thus complexity) than is needed in some <ph rev="review-1">authoring</ph> situations. LwDITA
  provides a simpler alternative.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>While LwDITA supports core features in the DITA standard – semantic tagging, topic orientation,
   content reuse, conditional processing, and specialization – LwDITA deliberately limits itself to
   generic structures that are highly applicable across many industries. This results in a much
   smaller standard in terms of element <ph rev="public-review-1">types</ph>, attributes, features, and complexity.</p>
  <p>Conference presentations and practitioners' blogs occasionally describe DITA as an intimidating
   <ph rev="public-review-1"><!-- language --> grammar</ph> with too many document and element types. In the base edition, DITA 1.3 has three
   document types and 189 element types. In contrast, LwDITA has two document types and <ph
    rev="review-1">48</ph> element <ph rev="public-review-1">types</ph>.
   <ph rev="review-1">39</ph> of the element <ph rev="public-review-1">types</ph> are defined in
   DITA 1.3, <ph rev="review-2">and the other 9 are multimedia element <ph
    rev="public-review-1">types</ph> that are part of a forthcoming domain intended for use with DITA 1.3.</ph></p>
  <p>This pragmatic design has benefits for both small and large projects, as well as new and
   existing DITA implementations. Compared to DITA 1.3, the learning curve for LwDITA will be
   shorter, and implementing LwDITA might involve less change management and, as a result, lower
   costs.</p>
  <!--<p>Although the many features and strengths of DITA 1.3 are undoubtedly useful for large content collections and environments that require multiple deliverables in many platforms for diverse audiences, this comes with the added cost of complexity. LwDITA seeks to address this complexity, and it helps overcome some of the barriers to adoption that are faced by DITA 1.3.</p>-->
  <!-- <p>LwDITA's core design principle is that a simplified DITA will be an easier entry point to DITA
   for both authors and vendors building commercial tools and applications.</p> -->
  
  
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
