<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="why-lwdita">
 <title>Why Lightweight DITA?</title>
 <shortdesc><ph rev="review-1">Lightweight DITA is a standards-based alternative for situations in which DITA 1.3 would
  be too complex or for communities that do not use XML as an authoring platform.</ph></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>DITA 1.3 is a mature architecture with a deep set of advanced features. This maturity can be
   intimidating for those considering adoption, especially for simple scenarios. While simplified
   versions of DITA exist, most are vendor-developed and proprietary. A standards-based lightweight
   <ph rev="review-1">alternative</ph> will enable the DITA community to offer a common starting point for simple DITA
   scenarios that remains fully compatible with DITA 1.3.</p>
  <p>Some authoring communities have strong ties to specific formats, such as Markdown <ph
    rev="review-1">or HTML</ph>. While these <ph rev="review-1"><!-- alternative --></ph> formats do
   not have the same expressiveness as XML, they bring with them a set of tools and practices that
   can be a natural fit with a DITA ecosystem. <ph rev="review-2">Lightweight DITA defines a
    lower-function level of interchange and mappings for HTML5 and Markdown, thus becoming the first
    version of DITA to be truly cross-format &#x2014;allowing authoring and delivery in a mix of
    native formats that are all mapped to a common semantic standard.</ph></p>
  <p>The Lightweight DITA subcommittee began work by identifying key authoring communities that were
      interested in the benefits that LwDITA could provide; it then identified scenarios including
      cross-format authoring and reuse. LwDITA represents common ground for the functionality that
      is needed by the following authoring communities: learning and training, <ph rev="review-2"
        >software documentation authored by subject matter experts (SMEs)</ph>, and marketing
      content. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
