<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="processing-tool-conformance">
  <title>Processing tool conformance</title>
  <shortdesc>Specifies conformance requirements for tools that process Lightweight DITA content,
    typically for publishing or rendering, but possibly for other content-driven
    processes.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section-1">
      <p>Processing tools that claim conformance to Lightweight DITA should meet the mandatory and
        optional requirements specified here with no, or only trivial, configuration. </p>
      <p>Tools that process Lightweight DITA content <term outputclass="RFC-2119">MUST</term>:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Validate XDITA topic and map content, and report XDITA validation errors.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Follow the Processing Expectations and Rendering Expectations sections of this
            specification for each Lightweight DITA component.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Aggregate topic collections as defined by XDITA, MDITA, and HDITA maps, following the
            rules and limitations for each authoring format. Specifically, XDITA maps may aggregate
            XDITA, MDITA, and HDITA topics. MDITA maps need only aggregate MDITA topics. HDITA maps
            need only aggregate HDITA
            topics.<?oxy_comment_start author="alan" timestamp="20181028T184951-0400" comment="I&apos;m trying to recall the rules/limitations for MDITA and HDITA maps. Do we specify that they must support all Lightweight DITA authoring formats?" id="e54_fpw_qfb"?><?oxy_comment_start author="carlosevia" timestamp="20181101T121830-0400" comment="I think we said that any map can reference all three authoring formats.
E.G., an MDITA map can reference X, H, and M topics" parentID="e54_fpw_qfb" mid="1"?></p><?oxy_comment_end?><?oxy_comment_end mid="1"?>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Tools that process Lightweight DITA <term outputclass="RFC-2119">MAY</term>:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Identify and report HDITA and MDITA components that do not comprise legal HDITA or
            MDITA content. Cessation of processing is an acceptable response when a processing tool
            encounters such content. However, processing tools are encouraged to attempt graceful
            degradation on encountering HDITA or MDITA topic or map content that does not conform to
            the rules of this specification.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
