<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="lwdita-specialization">
 <title rev="review-1">LwDITA specialization</title>
  <shortdesc rev="review-1">LwDITA follows the same specialization architecture as DITA 1.3, although there are some limitations and <ph rev="review-2">special</ph> rules.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>

 <p rev="review-1">Because LwDITA is a proposed standard that spans multiple authoring formats,
      coordination of the same specialization rules across markup languages poses some unique
      challenges. Not all LwDITA formats will support specialization to the same degree.</p>
 <ul rev="review-1">
   <li>In XDITA, authors can build new <ph rev="public-review-1">element types</ph> and attributes
        following the base architecture of LwDITA. Authors cannot add <ph rev="public-review-1"
          >element types</ph> from DITA 1.3 to an XDITA specialization. For example, authors working
        in LwDITA cannot create a <xmlelement>training-video</xmlelement>
        <ph rev="public-review-1">element type that is</ph>  specialized from the DITA 1.3 <ph
          rev="public-review-1">element type</ph>
        <xmlelement>object</xmlelement>. They must specialize it from the XDITA <ph
          rev="public-review-1">element type</ph>
        <xmlelement>video</xmlelement>.</li>
   <li>In HDITA, an author can express specialized relationships for any content <ph
          rev="public-review-1">element type</ph> using HTML5 custom data attributes.</li>
  <li>In MDITA, the lack of structuring tags does not allow authors to assign reliable attributes to
        particular <ph rev="public-review-1">content components</ph>. As a result, specialization
        within MDITA <ph rev="review-2">is</ph> limited to a subset of use cases (for example,
        section-level specialization) using raw HDITA syntax.</li>
 </ul>
  <p rev="review-1">A general recommendation for LwDITA specializations is to keep in mind the
        <i>lightweight</i> nature of the proposed standard and avoid complicated content structures.
      Authors who need robust specialization for complex scenarios <ph rev="review-2">should
        use</ph> DITA 1.3.</p>
 
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
