<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="new-elements-and-attributes">
 <title>New multimedia <ph rev="public-review-1">components</ph></title>
 <shortdesc>LwDITA adds new <ph rev="public-review-1">element types</ph> for multimedia content. <ph
   rev="review-2">These <ph rev="public-review-1">element types</ph> are compatible with HTML5; they
   are part of a forthcoming domain intended for use with DITA 1.3.</ph></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>For years, authors have used different approaches to embed multimedia content in DITA-based
   deliverables for the Web. The DITA 1.3 specification recommends the
    <xmlelement>object</xmlelement>
   <ph rev="public-review-1">element type</ph> to include multimedia content in a topic, pointing
   out that it corresponds to the <xmlelement>object</xmlelement>
   <ph rev="public-review-1">element type</ph> in HTML. <ph rev="review-1">However, HTML5 introduced
    direct <ph rev="public-review-1">element types</ph> for audio and video</ph>. LwDITA updates the
   XML-to-HTML <ph rev="public-review-1">element type</ph> correspondence and introduces the
   following multimedia <ph rev="public-review-1"><!-- elements --> components</ph>, which are
   specialized from the DITA 1.3 <ph rev="review-1"><xmlelement>object</xmlelement> and
     <xmlelement>param</xmlelement>
    <ph rev="public-review-1">element types</ph>:</ph></p>
  <dl>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Audio</dt>
    <dd>Audio is a link to sound to be included in the content.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt><ph rev="review-1">Autoplay</ph></dt>
    <dd><ph rev="review-1">Autoplay determines if audio or video content should automatically begin to play.</ph></dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Controls</dt>
    <dd>Controls enable user interfaces for video playback and volume in Web-aimed
     transformations.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt><ph rev="review-1">Loop</ph></dt>
    <dd><ph rev="review-1">Loop automatically returns to the start of audio or video content upon reaching its
     end.</ph></dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt><ph rev="review-1">Muted</ph></dt>
    <dd><ph rev="review-1">Muted indicates if the audio of a media object will be silenced or not.</ph></dd>
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Poster</dt>
    <dd>Poster is a link to an image or static video frame.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Source</dt>
    <dd>Source is a link to media resources of audio or video content.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Track</dt>
    <dd>Track is a link to time-based text data relevant to audio or video content.</dd>
   </dlentry>
  
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Video</dt>
    <dd>Video is a link to an audiovisual product to be included in the content.</dd>
   </dlentry>
  </dl>
  <p>These multimedia <ph rev="public-review-1">components</ph> are not available in the MDITA core
   profile; they must be expressed in raw HDITA syntax as part of the MDITA extended profile.</p>
  <p><ph rev="review-1">The DITA Technical Committee is working on a multimedia domain add-on for
    DITA 1.3 that would include some of these <ph rev="public-review-1">element types</ph> to
    maintain compatibility between DITA and LwDITA.</ph></p>
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
