<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_j4l_vhz_gy">
 <title>New specialization attributes and elements</title>
 <shortdesc>LwDITA introduces new attributes and elements for simplified content type
  specialization. These attributes and elements only exist in the XDITA authoring format.
   <draft-comment author="Carlos Evia">Mention that specialization will be addressed in a future
   publication?</draft-comment></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Attributes for defining structural specializations</title>
   <p>The following attributes are specialized from <xmlatt>base</xmlatt>; they are available on all
    XDITA elements.</p>
   <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein" time="09 January 2017">
    <p>We need to be careful in wording here. The TC is NOT going to do two releases of Lightweight
     DITA.</p>
    <p>If the design for Lightweight DITA includes new mechanisms for template-based specialization,
     the design work for that component needs to be nailed down quickly.</p>
   </draft-comment>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><xmlatt>specname</xmlatt></dt>
     <dd>Provides the name for the specialized element</dd>
    </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt><xmlatt>specmodel</xmlatt></dt>
      <dd>Enables the author to define a sequence, define a choice group, or decide that the content
       model should be the same of the original element</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
     <dt><xmlatt>importance</xmlatt></dt>
     <dd>Specifies whether the element is required or optional</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Elements for specializations of <xmlelement>ph</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>data</xmlelement> and <xmlatt>props</xmlatt></title>
   <p>The following elements are available for use in <xmlelement>prolog</xmlelement>:</p>
   
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Specialized metadata (<xmlelement>specmeta</xmlelement>)</dt>
     <dd>Describes any number of <xmlelement>data</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>ph</xmlelement>, or <xmlelement>specatt</xmlelement> elements. <xmlelement>data</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>ph</xmlelement> must be annotated with <xmlatt>specname</xmlatt> to define the name of the specialized elements.
      <xmlelement>specmeta</xmlelement> is a child of <xmlelement>prolog</xmlelement>.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Specialized attribute (<xmlelement>specatt</xmlelement>)</dt>
     <dd>Defines specializations of <xmlatt>props</xmlatt>, using the value of <xmlatt>specname</xmlatt> to define the name of the specialized attribute</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Attribute for single-sourcing</title>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><xmlatt>specrole</xmlatt></dt>
     <dd>Specifies whether the content of an element is intended to be generated by the transform, editable by the author, an editor prompt, documentation, or used for content modeling purposes only (or any mix of the above); if unset, element content is editable by author (part of the template)</dd>
    
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein" time="15 December 2016">This needs more work. What
    values will this attribute take?</draft-comment>
      
   
   <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein" time="15 December 2016">
    <p>Carlo's paste of content from the GitHub repo included the following in its discussion of
      <xmlatt>importance</xmlatt>: "defaults to required in a sequence; optional in a choice group."
     How?</p>
   </draft-comment>
   <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein" time="15 December 2016">
    <p>What will <xmlelement>specatt</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>specmeta</xmlelement> be
     specialized from? Has this work been done?</p>
    <p>And how do you plan handle domain specializations? How will they be used across topics?</p>
   </draft-comment>
  </section>
  
  
  </conbody>
</concept>
