<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="Notices" xml:lang="en-us" outputclass="frontmatternotices">
  <title>Notices</title>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section-1"><p outputclass="no-space-before">Copyright © OASIS Open 2018. All Rights Reserved.</p>
      <p>All capitalized terms in the following text have the meanings assigned to them in the OASIS
        Intellectual Property Rights Policy (the "OASIS IPR Policy"). The full <xref
          href="https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/ipr" format="html" scope="external"
          outputclass="no-italics">Policy</xref> may be found at the OASIS website.</p>
      <p>This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to others, and derivative
        works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its implementation may be
        prepared, copied, published, and distributed, in whole or in part, without restriction of
        any kind, provided that the above copyright notice and this section are included on all such
        copies and derivative works. However, this document itself may not be modified in any way,
        including by removing the copyright notice or references to OASIS, except as needed for the
        purpose of developing any document or deliverable produced by an OASIS Technical Committee
        (in which case the rules applicable to copyrights, as set forth in the OASIS IPR Policy,
        must be followed) or as required to translate it into languages other than English.</p>
      <p>The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked by OASIS or its
        successors or assigns.</p>
      <p>This document and the information contained herein is provided on an "AS IS" basis and
        OASIS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
        WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY OWNERSHIP RIGHTS OR
        ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.</p></section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
