<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
<topic id="non-xml-support">
  <title>Support for non-XML formats</title>
  <shortdesc>LwDITA adds support for structured authoring in HTML5 and Markdown.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>LwDITA has three authoring formats:</p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><xref href="xdita/xdita-introduction.dita">XDITA</xref></dt>
        <dd><p>An XML-based variant</p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><xref href="hdita/hdita-introduction.dita">HDITA</xref></dt>
        <dd><p>An HTML5-based variant</p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><xref href="mdita/mdita-introduction.dita">MDITA</xref></dt>
        <dd><p>A Markdown-based variant</p></dd>
      </dlentry>

    </dl>
    <p>These authoring formats enable and enhance collaboration across divisional silos. Documents authored in the various authoring
      formats can be aggregated and published as a single document collection. They also can easily
      integrate into DITA 1.3 collections.</p>
    <p>The XDITA and HDITA content models are designed to be functionally equivalent to each other, while
      MDITA is a compatible subset. XDITA and HDITA conform with the OASIS DITA and W3C HTML5
      standards, respectively. In its core profile, MDITA aligns with the GitHub Flavored Markdown
      specification. In its extended profile, MDITA can incorporate extensions from PHP Markdown Extra (definition lists and footnotes), Pandoc (YAML front-matter headers) and HDITA
      element types and attributes to overcome Markdown limitations as a language for authoring structured
      and reusable content.</p>

  </body>
</topic>
