<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_td4_xy5_pfb">
  <title>Authoring Tool Conformance</title>
  <shortdesc>Specifies conformance requirements for Lightweight DITA authoring tools.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p id="p_hfg_hz5_pfb">The OASIS DITA Technical Committee designed Lightweight DITA to be
      accessible to the largest possible set of content contributors. Hence, the conformance
      requirements for Lightweight DITA authoring applications are intentionally minimally
      specified, particularly for the HDITA and MDITA authoring formats. Plain-text editors are
      considered viable tools for authoring HDITA and MDITA formats.</p>
    <section id="section_gfg_hz5_pfb">
      <title>Conformance for XDITA authoring applications</title>
      <p id="p_kr3_sz5_pfb">An application that supports XDITA authoring <i>must</i>:</p>
      <ul id="ul_awb_wz5_pfb">
        <li>
          <p id="p_dr5_xz5_pfb">Constrain the set of available elements and attributes to those
            defined by this specification, with no or minimal configuration required.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_j53_dhv_pfb">Generate valid Lightweight DITA topics.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_nbg_2nv_pfb">Support authors in authoring valid XDITA maps, to define sets of
            Lightweight DITA (XDITA, HDITA, or MDITA) topics.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p id="p_ufn_zz5_pfb">An application that supports XDITA authoring <i>may</i>:</p>
      <ul id="ul_xm3_ghv_pfb">
        <li>
          <p id="p_c5r_hhv_pfb">Support authors, possibly in a graphical user interface, in setting
            the @props filtering attribute.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_kqr_lhv_pfb">Support authors, possibly in a graphical user interface, in
            inserting valid content references.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_xbc_t3v_pfb">Show or preview representations of XDITA topics with content
            references resolved and filtering applied.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
   
    <section id="section_stz_x3v_pfb">
      <title>Conformance for HDITA authoring applications</title>
      <p id="p_ttz_x3v_pfb">Text editors are considered viable authoring environments for HDITA.</p>
      <p id="p_utz_x3v_pfb">Applications that support HDITA authoring <i>may</i>:</p>
      <ul id="ul_vtz_x3v_pfb">
        <li>
          <p id="p_wtz_x3v_pfb">Provide guided authoring for HDITA topics, by presenting HDITA
            components in valid order and number.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_xtz_x3v_pfb">Support authors in inserting valid HDITA components.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_ytz_x3v_pfb">Limit authors to HDITA components of HTML5, or flag components that,
            while valid according to the HTML spec,  are not legal in HDITA topics.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_exd_cnv_pfb">Support authors in authoring HDITA maps to define sets of HDITA
            topics.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_dq4_rhv_pfb">
      <title>Conformance for MDITA authoring applications</title>
      <p id="p_apz_whv_pfb">Applications that support MDITA authoring <i>may</i>:</p>
      <ul id="ul_pcb_zhv_pfb">
        <li>
          <p id="p_pqz_zhv_pfb">Provide guided authoring for MDITA topics, by presenting MDITA
            components in valid order and number.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_amx_g3v_pfb">Support authors in inserting components from the MDITA extended
            profile, where necessary, to use Lightweight DITA features that are not available in the
            MDITA core profile.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_np4_l3v_pfb">Limit authors to components of GitHub Flavored Markdown that are
            legal in MDITA core profile topics, or flag components that are not legal in MDITA
            <?oxy_comment_start author="carlosevia" timestamp="20181101T121617-0400" comment="Need to say something about extended profile going beyond GFM"?>topics<?oxy_comment_end?>.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p id="p_fhv_xmv_pfb">Support authors in authoring MDITA maps to define sets of MDITA
            topics.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
