<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_td4_xy5_pfb">
  <title>Processing Tool Conformance</title>
  <shortdesc>Specifies conformance requirements for tools that process Lightweight DITA content,
    typically for publishing or rendering, but possibly for other content-driven
    processes.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p id="p_hfg_hz5_pfb">Processing tools that claim conformance to Lightweight DITA should meet
      the mandatory and optional requirements specified here with no, or only trivial,
      configuration. </p>
    <p id="p_ys1_pjv_pfb">Tools that process Lightweight DITA content <i>must</i>:</p>
    <ul id="ul_w4k_qjv_pfb">
      <li>
        <p id="p_lwg_rjv_pfb">Validate XDITA topic and map content, and report XDITA validation
          errors.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p id="p_fs5_sjv_pfb">Follow the Processing Expectations and Rendering Expectations sections
          of this specification for each Lightweight DITA component.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p id="p_gnc_yjv_pfb">Aggregate topic collections as defined by XDITA, MDITA, and HDITA
          maps, following the rules and limitations for each authoring format. Specifically, XDITA
          maps may aggregate XDITA, MDITA, and HDITA topics. MDITA maps need only aggregate MDITA
          topics. HDITA maps need only aggregate HDITA
          topics.<?oxy_comment_start author="alan" timestamp="20181028T184951-0400" comment="I&apos;m trying to recall the rules/limitations for MDITA and HDITA maps. Do we specify that they must support all Lightweight DITA authoring formats?" id="e54_fpw_qfb"?><?oxy_comment_start author="carlosevia" timestamp="20181101T121830-0400" comment="I think we said that any map can reference all three authoring formats.
E.G., an MDITA map can reference X, H, and M topics" parentID="e54_fpw_qfb" mid="1"?></p><?oxy_comment_end?><?oxy_comment_end mid="1"?>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p id="p_rdb_2kv_pfb">Tools that process Lightweight DITA <i>may</i>:</p>
    <ul id="ul_xsl_fkv_pfb">
      <li>
        <p id="p_xz3_hkv_pfb">Identify and report HDITA and MDITA components that do not comprise
          legal HDITA or MDITA content.  Cessation of processing is an acceptable response when a
          processing tool encounters such content. However, processing tools are encouraged to
          attempt graceful degradation on encountering HDITA or MDITA topic or map content that does
          not conform to the rules of this specification.</p>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</topic>
