<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="lw-data">
  <title>Data</title>
  <shortdesc conkeyref="reuse-data/shortdesc"/>
    <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Syntax</title>
      <p conkeyref="lwdita-reuse-general/syntax-section-intro"/>
      <!--<dl><dlentry><dt>XDITA</dt><dd><p><xmlelement>data</xmlelement></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>HDITA</dt><dd><p><xmlelement>meta</xmlelement> inside <xmlelement>head</xmlelement></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>MDITA (extended profile) </dt><dd><p>There is no specific syntax for data in the MDITA core profile. In MDITA extended profile, data is represented by any variables declared in a YAML front matter header. The front matter must be the first block in the file and must be set between triple-dashed lines. </p></dd></dlentry></dl>-->
      <simpletable frame="all" relcolwidth="1* 3.0*" keycol="1">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Authoring format</stentry>
          <stentry>Syntax and example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>XDITA</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p><xmlelement>data</xmlelement></p>
            <codeblock><b>&lt;data name="author" value="Victoria Fernando"/></b></codeblock>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>HDITA</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p><xmlelement>meta</xmlelement></p>
            <codeblock>&lt;head>
  &lt;title>An innovative, attractive, and out of the ordinary concept&lt;/title>
  <b>&lt;meta name="author" content="Victoria Fernando"></b>
&lt;/head></codeblock>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>MDITA</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>There is no specific syntax for data in MDITA core profile.
              In the MDITA extended profile, data is represented by
              variables declared in a YAML front-matter header. The front
              matter must be the first block in the file, and it must be
              set between triple-dashed lines. </p>
            <codeblock><b>---
author: Victoria Fernando
---</b></codeblock>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
      <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein" time="22 December 2022">
        <p>I think we need a topic where we talk about the use of YAML in
          the MDITA extended profile.</p>
      </draft-comment>
    </section>
      <section conkeyref="reuse-data/usage-information"/>
      <section conkeyref="reuse-data/rendering-expectations"/>


      <section conkeyref="reuse-data/attributes"/>
        <example>
          <title>Examples</title>
      <p>This section contains examples of how the data component can be
        used in the three authoring components:</p>
      <fig>
        <title>XDITA example</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows how the
            <xmlelement>data</xmlelement> element can be used to trigger
          specialized processing in an XDITA topic. The company has
          implemented specialized processing that renders a list of
          prerequisite items at the location of the
            <xmlelement>data</xmlelement> element.</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;topic id="installing-acme-test-suite">
  &lt;title>Installing the Acme Test Suite&lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>Install the Acme Test Suite in order to test whether your
             applications will work with the Acme core code.&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;body>
    &lt;section>
      &lt;title>Before you begin&lt;/title>
      &lt;p>You will need the following items:&lt;/p>
      <b>&lt;data name="trigger" value="generatePrereqList"/></b>
    &lt;/section>
    &lt;!-- ... -->
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock>
        <p>For an example of how the <xmlelement>data</xmlelement> element
          can be used in the topic prolog to specify metadata, see <xref
            keyref="elements-lwdita-prolog/example"
              ><xmlelement>data</xmlelement></xref>.</p>
      </fig>
      <fig>
        <title>HDITA example</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows how data components can specify
          metadata that applies to the topic as a whole. The
            <xmlelement>head</xmlelement> element holds three
            <xmlelement>meta</xmlelement> elements, which store metadata
          about the author, product, and user goal that is associated with
          the topic.</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;head>
  &lt;title>Installing the Acme Test Suite&lt;/title>
  <b>&lt;meta name="author" content="Carolyn Miller"/>
  &lt;meta name="product" content="Acme Test Suite"/>
  &lt;meta name="goal" content="installing"/></b>
&lt;/head></codeblock>
      </fig>
      <fig>
        <title>MDITA example</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows how topic-level metadata can be
          represented an MDITA extended profile topic. The data components
          are represented by variables declared in a YAML front-matter
          header, which provide information about the author, product, and
          user goal that is associated with the topic.</p>
        <codeblock><b>---
author: Carolyn Harris
product: Acme Test Suite
goal: installing
---</b></codeblock>
      </fig>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
