<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
<topic id="lw-fn">
  <title>Footnote</title>
  <shortdesc conref="../common/conref-short-descriptions.dita#conref-short-descriptions/fn"/>
    <body>
    <section>
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>XDITA</dt>
          <dd><p>&lt;fn>. The footnote component is composed of two elements: the cross-reference that calls it,
              and the actual footnote content.</p></dd>
          </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>HDITA</dt>
          <dd><p>&lt;span data-class="fn">. The footnote division should have a unique @id attribute. In the body
              of the text, where the footnote is called from, an internal cross-reference in the
              form of &lt;a href="#footnote-id"> should embrace the text that you want to make
              clickable for the footnote.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>MDITA (extended profile)</dt>
          <dd>
            <p>A footnote is made of two elements: a marker in the text that will become a
              superscript number; a footnote definition that will be placed in a list of footnotes
              at the end of the document, following the <xref
                href="https://michelf.ca/projects/php-markdown/extra/#footnotes" format="html"
                scope="external">PHP Markdown Extra syntax for footnotes</xref>.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Processing expectations</title>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>Link to table!</p>




    </section>
        <section>
      <title>XDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of footnote in an XDITA topic.</p>
      <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
&lt;topic id="franchise-terms">
  &lt;title>Profits, fun, and flavor under the same brand&lt;/title>
  &lt;body>
    &lt;dl>
      &lt;dlentry>
        &lt;dt>Initial investment:&lt;/dt>
        &lt;dd>
          &lt;p>$700&lt;xref href="#franchise-terms/initial-fee"/>&lt;/p>
        &lt;/dd>
      &lt;/dlentry>
      &lt;dlentry>
        &lt;dt>Franchise fee:&lt;/dt>
        &lt;dd>&lt;p>$200&lt;/p>&lt;/dd>
      &lt;/dlentry>
    &lt;/dl>
    &lt;fn id="initial-fee">
      &lt;p>The initial investment price includes the first franchise fee payment&lt;/p>
    &lt;/fn>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></pre>

    </section>

    <section>
      <title>HDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of footnote in an HDITA topic.  In this example,
        the clickable text is a number 1 in a <xref href="lw-sup.dita" format="dita"
          >superscript</xref> (&lt;sup>) component.</p>
      <pre>&lt;!DOCTYPE html>
&lt;title>Profits, fun, and flavor under the same brand&lt;/title>
&lt;body>
  &lt;article id="franchise-terms">
    &lt;h1>Profits, fun, and flavor under the same brand&lt;/h1>
    &lt;dl>
      &lt;dt>Initial investment:&lt;/dt>
      &lt;dd>
        &lt;p>$700&lt;a href="#initial-fee">&lt;sup>1&lt;/sup>&lt;/a>&lt;/p>
      &lt;/dd>
      &lt;dt>Franchise fee:&lt;/dt>
      &lt;dd>
        &lt;p>$200&lt;/p>
      &lt;/dd>
    &lt;/dl>
        &lt;div id="initial-fee" data-class="fn">
          &lt;p>The initial investment price includes the first franchise fee payment&lt;/p>
        &lt;/div>
  &lt;/article>
&lt;/body></pre>

    </section>


    <section>
      <title>MDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of footnote in an MDITA extended profile
        topic.</p>
      <pre># Profit, fun, and flavor under the same brand

Initial investment
: $700[^1]

Franchise fee
: $200


[^1]: The initial investment price includes the first franchise fee payment</pre>


    </section>

  </body>
</topic>
