<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
<topic id="lw-u">
  <title>Underline</title>
  <shortdesc conref="../common/conref-short-descriptions.dita#conref-short-descriptions/u"/>
    <body>
    <section>
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>XDITA</dt>
          <dd><p>&lt;u></p></dd>
          </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>HDITA</dt>
          <dd>
            <p>&lt;u></p>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>MDITA (core and extended profiles)</dt>
          <dd><p>No underline for you</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Formatting expectations</title>
     <p>When present, the content of the short description component is displayed as the first
        paragraph of a topic. It may also be used for other purposes, such as link previews and
        summaries.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Processing expectations</title>
      <p>In text, processors <ph>SHOULD</ph> render the contents of <ph>underline</ph> with a typographical underline. In audio and other rendering formats, processors MAY distinguish the contents of <ph>underline</ph> in some other way.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>Link to table!</p>




    </section>
        <section>
      <title>XDITA
        <?oxy_comment_start author="carlosevia" timestamp="20181027T160352-0400" comment="This topic needs examples"?>example<?oxy_comment_end?></title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of a short description in an XDITA topic.</p>
      <pre> &lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
 &lt;!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
 &lt;topic id="install-and-setup">
   &lt;title>Installing and Setting up Remote Lighting&lt;/title>
   &lt;shortdesc>Installation of your lighting kit includes installing the light bulbs into
   light fixtures, preparing the remote control, and programming lighting groups.
   &lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;/topic></pre>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>HDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of a short description in an HDITA topic.</p>
      <pre>  &lt;!DOCTYPE html>
  &lt;html>
  &lt;head>
  &lt;title>Installing and Setting up Remote Lighting&lt;/title>
  &lt;/head>
  &lt;body>
   &lt;article id="install-and-setup">
    &lt;h1>Installing and Setting up Remote Lighting&lt;/h1>
    &lt;p>Installation of your lighting kit includes installing the light bulbs into light fixtures, preparing the remote control, and programming lighting groups.&lt;/p>
  &lt;/article>
  &lt;/body>
  &lt;/html></pre>
    </section>


    <section>
      <title>MDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of a short description in an MDITA topic.</p>
      <pre>  # Installing and Setting up Remote Lighting

  Installation of your lighting kit includes installing the light bulbs into light fixtures, preparing the remote control, and programming lighting groups.</pre>

    </section>

  </body>
</topic>
