<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
<topic id="lw-ul">
  <title>Unordered list</title>
  <shortdesc conref="../common/conref-short-descriptions.dita#conref-short-descriptions/ul"/>
    <body>
    <section>
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>XDITA</dt>
          <dd><p>&lt;ul></p></dd>
          </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>HDITA</dt>
          <dd><p>&lt;ul></p></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>MDITA (core and extended profiles)</dt>
          <dd><p>See <xref href="lw-li.dita" format="dita"/></p></dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Processing expectations</title>
      <p>In text rendering, <ph>list item</ph> children of <ph>unordered list</ph> <ph>SHOULD</ph> be rendered as a typographical unordered list. Audio and other rendering formats MAY embellish the children of <ph>unordered list</ph> to signal that the list items are without inherent order.</p>
      <p>Processors <ph>SHOULD</ph> consider the nesting level of the <ph>unordered list</ph> component in choosing the indentation level and list item label that is applied to <ph>list item</ph> children.</p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>Link to table!</p>




    </section>
        <section>
      <title>XDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of an unordered list in an XDITA topic.</p>
      <pre>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LIGHTWEIGHT DITA Topic//EN" "lw-topic.dtd">
&lt;topic id="franchise-offer">
  &lt;title>What we offer&lt;/title>
  &lt;body>
    &lt;ul>
      &lt;li>&lt;p>"Know-how" license&lt;/p>&lt;/li>
      &lt;li>&lt;p>Warranty of exclusive territory&lt;/p>&lt;/li>
      &lt;li>&lt;p>Initial training&lt;/p>&lt;/li>
      &lt;li>&lt;p>Support through online, email, and telephone channels&lt;/p>&lt;/li>
    &lt;/ul>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></pre>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>HDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of an unordered list in an HDITA topic.</p>
      <pre>&lt;!DOCTYPE html>
&lt;title>What we offer&lt;/title>
&lt;body>
  &lt;article id="franchise-offer">
    &lt;h1>What we offer&lt;/h1>
    &lt;ul>
      &lt;li>
        &lt;p>"Know-how" license&lt;/p>
      &lt;/li>
      &lt;li>
        &lt;p>Warranty of exclusive territory&lt;/p>
      &lt;/li>
      &lt;li>
        &lt;p>Initial training&lt;/p>
      &lt;/li>
      &lt;li>
        &lt;p>Support through online, email, and telephone channels&lt;/p>
      &lt;/li>
    &lt;/ul>
  &lt;/article>
&lt;/body></pre>
    </section>


    <section>
      <title>MDITA example</title>
      <p>The following example demonstrates the use of an unordered list in an MDITA topic.</p>
      <pre># Make a plan! Start your future today!

1.  Contact one of our franchise advisors
2.  Pick a location for your restaurant
3.  Follow our franchise guide</pre>

    </section>

  </body>
</topic>
