<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="lw-id-atts">
    <title>LwDITA note type attribute</title>
    <shortdesc>Conref from 2.0 equivalent?</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section>
                <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt><xmlatt>conref</xmlatt></dt>
                        <dd><b>XDITA:</b> (reuse from the 2.0 topic "idAttributes.dita" with proper conditional text in the source topic to avoid DITA generalization)</dd>
                        <dd><b>HDITA:</b>
                        <ph id="data-conref">The <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt> attribute is expressed
                            using the HTML5 custom data attribute <xmlatt>data-conref</xmlatt></ph>.
                        See <xref keyref="attributes-conref"/> for examples and details about the
                        syntax. (This means that I have to get my paws on the original 2.0 topic and
                        make a PR to add conditional content for LwDITA).</dd>
                        <dd><b>MDITA:</b> <ph conref="#lw-id-atts/data-conref"/>. And something else Markdown native if we can get it going on (need to set a SC deadline for this). See <xref
                            keyref="attributes-conref"/> for examples and details about the syntax.</dd>
                    </dlentry>  
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt><xmlatt>id</xmlatt></dt>
                        <dd><b>XDITA:</b> (reuse from the 2.0 topic "idAttributes.dita" with proper conditional text in the source topic to avoid DITA generalization)</dd>
                        <dd><b>HDITA:</b> The XDITA <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute is expressed
                            using the identically named HTML5 attribute <xmlatt>id</xmlatt>. See <xref
                                keyref="attributes-id"/> for more details.</dd>
                        <dd><b>MDITA:</b> At the <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement> level, the id
                        attribute can be declared following the <xref
                            href="https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#extension-yaml_metadata_block"
                            format="html" scope="external">Pandoc YAML metadata block syntax</xref>.
                        If the author does not declare a value for <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> in a YAML
                        metadata block, the required topic <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute should
                        (RFC-2119?) be generated with a slug version of the topic title, following a
                        process similar to the URL creation for posts in web content management
                        systems. At the <xmlelement>section</xmlelement> level, id can be expressed
                        using a value for the attribute preceded by a number sign/hash/pound sign
                        and enclosed in curly brackets following the <xref
                            href="https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#extension-header_attributes"
                            format="html" scope="external">Pandoc heading identifier syntax.</xref>.
                        Any instances of <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> in MDITA topics at the
                            <xmlelement>phrase</xmlelement> or <xmlelement>span</xmlelement> level
                        should (RFC-2119?) use the HDITA syntax. See <xref keyref="attributes-id"/>
                        for more details. (this means that I have to get into the id.dita topic and
                        do some conditional processing work).</dd>
                    </dlentry>  
                </dl>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
