<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="lw-univ-atts">
    <title>LwDITA universal attribute group</title>
    <shortdesc>The universal attribute group defines a set of common attributes that are available
        on most XDITA and HDITA components, and have limited equivalence in MDITA components. The
        universal attribute group includes all attributes from the ID, metadata, and localization
        attribute groups, plus the <xmlatt>class</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt>
        attributes.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="summary">
            <title>Common attribute groups</title>
            <p>The following groups are referenced in this specification, and are also used in grammar
                files when defining attributes for components.</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry id="lw-universalatts">
                    <dt>Universal attributes</dt>
                    <dd>Includes <xmlatt>class</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt>, along with every
                        attribute in the ID, Localization, and Metadata attribute groups.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="lw-idatts">
                    <dt>ID attributes</dt>
                    <dd>Includes attributes that enable the naming and referencing of elements in topics and
                        maps: <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>id</xmlatt>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="lw-localizationatts">
                    <dt>Localization attributes</dt>
                    <dd>Includes attributes that are related to translation and localization:
                        <xmlatt>dir</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>translate</xmlatt>, and <xmlatt>language</xmlatt>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="lw-metadataatt">
                    <dt>Metadata attribute</dt>
                    <dd>Includes the generic conditional processing attribute <xmlatt>props</xmlatt>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="definitions">
            <title>Universal attribute definitions</title>
            <p>The universal attributes for OASIS Lightweight DITA components are defined below.</p>
            <dl>
               <dlentry id="class">
                   <dt id="attr-class"><xmlatt>class</xmlatt></dt>
                   <dd><xmlatt>class</xmlatt> in XDITA <i>(not for use by authors)</i></dd>
                    <dd>To be conkeyrefed.</dd>
                   <dd>Say something about HDITA</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="conref">
                    <dt id="attr-conref"><xmlatt>conref</xmlatt></dt>
                    <dd><xmlatt>conref</xmlatt> in XDITA and <xmlatt>data-conref</xmlatt> in HDITA and MDITA extended profile</dd>
                    <dd>To be conkeyrefed.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="dir">
                    <dt id="attr-dir"><xmlatt>dir</xmlatt></dt>
                    <dd><xmlatt>dir</xmlatt> in XDITA and HDITA</dd>
                    <dd>To be conkeyrefed.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="id">
                    <dt id="attr-id"><xmlatt>id</xmlatt></dt>
                    <dd><xmlatt>id</xmlatt> in XDITA and HDITA; <b>{#identifier)</b> in MDITA following the <xref href="https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#extension-header_attributes" format="html" scope="external"><cmdname>header_attributes</cmdname></xref> Pandoc extension in MDITA)</dd>
                    <dd>To be conkeyrefed.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="outputclass">
                    <dt id="attr-outputclass"><xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt></dt>
                    <dd><xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> in XDITA, <xmlatt>class</xmlatt> in HDITA, and <b>{.outputclass)</b> in MDITA following the <xref href="https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#extension-header_attributes" format="html" scope="external"><cmdname>header_attributes</cmdname></xref> Pandoc extension in MDITA) </dd>
                    <dd>Names a role that the component is playing. The role must be consistent with the basic
                        semantic and expectations for the element. In particular, the
                        <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> XDITA attribute can be used for styling during output
                        processing; HTML output will typically preserve <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> for CSS
                        processing.</dd>
                    <dd>Authors combining XDITA (or DITA) and HDITA as formats for content creation in a single project or repository <term outputclass="RFC-2119">MUST NOT</term> confuse the HDITA <xmlatt>class</xmlatt> attribute with the similarly named <xmlatt>class</xmlatt> in XDITA, which does not have a direct equivalent in HDITA.</dd>
                    <dd>In, MDITA the <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> attribute is only available in the <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>section</xmlelement> components.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="props">
                    <dt id="attr-props"><xmlatt>props</xmlatt></dt>
                    <dd><xmlatt>props</xmlatt> in XDITA and <xmlatt>data-props</xmlatt> in HDITA and MDITA extended profile)</dd>
                    <dd>Generic conditional processing attribute that can take different space-delimited values based on authors’ needs.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="translate">
                    <dt id="attr-translate"><xmlatt>translate</xmlatt></dt>
                    <dd><xmlatt>translate</xmlatt> in XDITA and MDITA</dd>
                    <dd>Indicates whether the content of the element should be translated or not. Allowable
                        values are <keyword>yes</keyword>, and <keyword>no</keyword>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="language">
                    <dt id="attr-language"><xmlatt>language</xmlatt></dt>
                    <dd><xmlatt>xml:lang</xmlatt> in XDITA and <xmlatt>lang</xmlatt> in HDITA)</dd>
                    <dd>To be conkeyrefed.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
  
    </refbody>
</reference>
